Add a Bandwidth subpage to the Usage section (#6818)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/usage/bandwidth.md

# Bandwidth

Bandwidth in Umbraco Cloud refers to the amount of data transferred from your website to its visitors. Bandwidth is measured in Umbraco Cloud, and you can monitor your usage on the Umbraco Cloud Usage page.

## What is Bandwidth?

Bandwidth usage includes all data sent by your website. Every time a visitor loads a page, views images, or downloads files, data is transferred, contributing to your total bandwidth usage. This includes both requests served from the origin and those served from cache/edge.

## How is Bandwidth Measured?

> In Umbraco Cloud, bandwidth is measured in gigabytes (GB). It represents the total amount of data transferred from your site to users over a given period, typically one month. We measure bandwidth by summarizing all request logs' `bytes_served` on our edge. Both requests served with content from the edge or origin flow through the edge, so we summarize all egress bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Umbraco Cloud, bandwidth is measured in gigabytes (GB). It represents the total amount of data transferred from your site to users over a period, typically one month. It is calculated by summarizing the `bytes_served` from all request logs at the edge. All requests, whether served from the edge or the origin, pass through the edge, so all egress bandwidth is summarized.
```

<figure><img src="./images/bandwidth-flow-diagram.png" alt="Bandwidth data flow diagram"><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

> **What is the Edge?**
> The "edge" refers to servers located closer to the end-users, which cache content to reduce latency and improve load times. By serving content from these edge servers, we can deliver data more efficiently and quickly to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What is the Edge?**

The "edge" refers to servers located closer to the end-users, which cache content to reduce latency and improve load times. By serving content from these edge servers, we can deliver data more efficiently and quickly to users.
```

# Bandwidth

Bandwidth in Umbraco Cloud refers to the amount of data transferred from your website to its visitors. Bandwidth is measured in Umbraco Cloud, and you can monitor your usage on the Umbraco Cloud Usage page.

## What is Bandwidth?

Bandwidth usage includes all data sent by your website. Every time a visitor loads a page, views images, or downloads files, data is transferred, contributing to your total bandwidth usage. This includes both requests served from the origin and those served from cache/edge.

## How is Bandwidth Measured?

In Umbraco Cloud, bandwidth is measured in gigabytes (GB). It represents the total amount of data transferred from your site to users over a period, typically one month. It is calculated by summarizing the `bytes_served` from all request logs at the edge. All requests, whether served from the edge or the origin, pass through the edge, so all egress bandwidth is summarized.

<figure><img src="./images/bandwidth-flow-diagram.png" alt="Bandwidth data flow diagram"><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

> **What is the Edge?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What is Edge?**
```
